# Individual project Simon Nilsson SUT23
This is a C# code that has been used with .NET 6 as a console App. My task was to create an internet bank/ATM that has several different functions. The user can enter login details and then make choices based on a menu. There you can check accounts, transfer between accounts and withdraw money.

# Improvements and reflections
I use Arrays in my solution. I save username, password, accounts, sum of accounts in different separate arrays. In order to then compare so that the array matches the user, I use the Array.IndexOf method which, with the help of the user's input, can see if it matches the existing array. This is quite complicated and if you wanted a better structure around the entire system, you could have used Classes instead of arrays. Then it would have been much easier to save all the information for a user in a class. In this way, it would above all have become much clearer which values belong to the right user.
My structure of the program is that I have used methods on each function of the program. This is so that it will be easier for the user to understand how the whole thing is structured and so that I can easily use the same piece of code in several different places in the program. This makes it less code and easier to understand.
In the menu section, I have used the switch statement because I believe it is the best when working with menus. It is simple and you can clearly see what will happen depending on the user's input. It is also good with error handling when you use the default. Which is if the user types something that is not in the menu. Then the program prints it. The menu would have worked with if statements as well, but I believe that it is much more unclear and, above all, it requires a lot more unnecessary code. That's why I chose switch.
Another type of error handling I use is try-catch. It prevents the program from crashing when the user enters an incorrect input. For example, can the user enter an int, when it should be string. Then the program will print an error message to the user wherever it went wrong. The disadvantage of try-catch is that the program must be restarted if something has gone wrong. This could have been avoided using, for example, tryParse, which I have used in a few places. It uses the same principle and ensures that the program does not crash. But instead of having to restart the program, you can instead make it so that the user can rewrite their input. This makes the program more user-friendly and smoother.
Otherwise, I think I have come up with a good solution that works.
